DR Strategy Update - 2H 2023 (#4332)
MicrosoftDocs/architecture-center: docs/data-guide/disaster-recovery/dr-for-azure-data-platform-recommendations-content.md

    1. Automation/job scheduler
    1. Source repository and deployment pipelines (GitHub, Azure DevOps)
1. Early detection of outages is also a way to decrease RTO and RPO values significantly. Here are a few aspects that should be covered:

>     1. Define what an outage is and how it maps to Microsoft’s definition of an outage. The Microsoft definition is available on the [Azure Service Level Agreement](/azure.microsoft.com/support/legal/sla/) page at the product or service level

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Define what an outage is and how it maps to Microsoft’s definition of an outage. The Microsoft definition is available on the [Azure Service Level Agreement](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/legal/sla/) page at the product or service level.
```

    1. An efficient monitoring and alerting system with accountable teams to review those metrics and alerts in a timely manner will help meet the goal

> 1. [Composite SLAs](/azure/well-architected/reliability/metrics#:~:text=After%20you%20gather%20the%20SLAs%20for%20the%20individual%20workload%20components%2C%20calculate%20a%20composite%20SLA) mean that the more components you have in your architecture, the higher the probability of a failure. You could use composite SLA to define an outage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Composite SLAs](/azure/well-architected/reliability/metrics) mean that the more components you have in your architecture, the higher the probability of a failure. You could use composite SLA to define the chances of a component outage.
```
